docs:improve plugin system documentation for clarity and completeness (#56177)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/administration-and-deployment/plugins.rst

Make sure you restart the webserver and scheduler after making changes to plugins so that they take effect.

Plugin Management Interface
---------------------------

Airflow 3.1 introduces a Plugin Management Interface, available under *Admin → Plugins* in the Airflow UI.

> This page allows you to view installed plugins, enable or disable them, and troubleshoot loading issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow 3.1 introduces a Plugin Management Interface, available under *Admin → Plugins* in the Airflow UI.
This page allows you to view installed plugins.
```

We do not support any edit actions on plugins from the UI.

...

External Views
--------------

> External views can also be embedded directly into the Airflow UI using iframes by providing a `url_route` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
External views can also be embedded directly into the Airflow UI using iframes by providing a ``url_route`` value.
```
